PetFriendsBaku

Terms of Use
PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING TERMS OF USE AGREEMENT CAREFULLY TO ENSURE THAT YOU UNDERSTAND EACH PROVISION CONTAINED HEREIN. This AGREEMENT applies to all visitors, users, and others who access the Service (“Users”). THIS IS A CONTRACT BETWEEN YOU AND PetFriendsBaku. By accessing or using the Service, you signify that you have read, understood, and agree to be bound by this AGREEMENT. If you are not eligible to use the Service, or do not agree to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, you do not have our permission to use the Service.

What we're saying
Before using our Service, please make sure you read all of the terms of this Agreement. Once you begin accessing or using our Service, you’ve made a contract with PetFriendsBaku and agreed to all the terms of this Agreement - even if you’re just visiting the public part of the Service.

Legal Terms of Use
Use of Our Service
A. Eligibility. You may use the Service only if you can form a binding contract with PetFriendsBaku, and only in compliance with this Agreement and all applicable local, state, national, and international laws, rules and regulations. Any use or access to the Service by anyone under 13 years old is strictly prohibited and in violation of this Agreement. The Service is not available to any Users previously removed from the Service by PetFriendsBaku.
B. PetFriendsBaku Service. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, you are hereby granted a non-exclusive, limited, non-transferable, freely revocable license to use the Service as permitted by the features of the Service. PetFriendsBaku reserves all rights not expressly granted herein in the Service and the PetFriendsBaku Content (as defined below).

What we're saying
You cannot use our Service if you are under 13 years old or if your use of the Service is prohibited by law. As long as you comply with the terms and conditions of this Agreement, you have our permission to use the Service.

If you open a PetFriendsBaku account on behalf of a client, company, organization, or other entity, then (a) “you” includes you and that client, company, organization, or other entity, and (b) you represent and warrant that: (i) you are an authorized representative of the client, company, organization, or other entity with the authority to bind the client, company, organization, or other entity to this Agreement, (ii) that you have the express authorization of the client, company, organization or other entity to create and operate an account on behalf of the client, company, organization or other entity, and (iii) that you agree to this Agreement on the client, company, organization or other entity’s behalf.
You may never use another User’s account without permission. When creating your account, you must provide accurate and complete information, and you must keep this information up to date. You are solely responsible for the activity that occurs on your account, and you must keep your account password secure. We encourage you to use “strong” passwords (passwords that use a combination of upper and lowercase letters, numbers and symbols) with your account. You must notify PetFriendsBaku immediately of any breach of security or unauthorized use of your account. PetFriendsBaku will not be liable for any losses caused by any unauthorized use of your account.
You may control your User profile and how you interact with the Service by changing the Settings within the PetFriendsBaku Mobile Software as defined below. By providing PetFriendsBaku your email address, you consent to our using the email address to send you Service-related notices, including any notices required by law, in lieu of communication by postal mail. We may also use your email address to send you other messages, such as changes to features of the Service and special offers. If you do not want to receive such email messages, you may opt out by following the “Unsubscribe” link in the email messages. Opting out may prevent you from receiving email messages regarding updates, improvements, or offers.

What we're saying
You must register for an account to use the features and functionalities of the Service. As part of the registration process and setting up an account, we ask you to provide us information about yourself, including your name and email address. You must also provide us your phone number so we can send you a verification text and make sure you’re a real person, because we only want real people on PetFriendsBaku!

When you sign up for an account, we ask you to select a strong password. Make sure you keep your password safe and don’t let anyone else use your account since you’ll be responsible for any and all activity that occurs under your account. If you think someone else has your password or is using your account, let us know as soon as possible so we can help protect your account.

Legal Terms of Use
Service Rules
You agree not to engage in any of the following prohibited activities: (i) copying, distributing, or disclosing any part of the Service in any medium, including without limitation by any automated or non-automated “scraping”; (ii) using any automated system, including without limitation “robots,” “spiders,” “offline readers,” etc., to access the Service in a manner that sends more request messages to the PetFriendsBaku servers than a human can reasonably produce in the same period of time by using a conventional on-line web browser.

 for the sole purpose of and solely to the extent necessary for creating publicly available searchable indices of the materials, but not caches or archives of such materials); (iii) transmitting spam, chain letters, or other unsolicited email; (iv) attempting to interfere with, compromise the system integrity or security or decipher any transmissions to or from the servers running the Service; (v) taking any action that imposes, or may impose at our sole discretion an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our infrastructure; (vi) uploading invalid data, viruses, worms, or other software agents through the Service; (vii) collecting or harvesting any personally identifiable information, including account names, from the Service; (viii) using the Service for any commercial solicitation purposes; (ix) impersonating another person or otherwise misrepresenting your affiliation with a person or entity, conducting fraud, hiding or attempting to hide your identity; (x) interfering with the proper working of the Service; (xi) accessing any content on the Service through any technology or means other than those provided or authorized by the Service; or (xii) bypassing the measures we may use to prevent or restrict access to the Service, including without limitation features that prevent or restrict use or copying of any content or enforce limitations on use of the Service or the content therein.

Accessing any audiovisual content that may be available on the Service for any purpose or in any manner other than Streaming (as defined below) is expressly prohibited unless explicitly permitted by the functionality of the Service. “Streaming” means a contemporaneous digital transmission of an audiovisual work via the Internet from the PetFriendsBaku Service to a User’s device in such a manner that the data is intended for real-time viewing and not intended to be copied, stored, permanently downloaded, or redistributed by the User.

What we're saying
This Section contains our rules for using the Service. Please review and make sure you do not engage in any of these prohibited activities. Taking part in or assisting any third party in taking part in any of these prohibited activities may result in the termination of your account by PetFriendsBaku, in addition to any other remedies available to PetFriendsBaku.

Legal Terms of Use
User Interactions
You are solely responsible for your interactions with other PetFriendsBaku Users. We reserve the right, but have no obligation, to monitor disputes between you and other Users. PetFriendsBaku shall have no liability for your interactions with other Users, or for any User’s action or inaction. 

If you use the Service to communicate or administer a promotion (e.g., a contest or sweepstakes), you are responsible for the lawful operation of that promotion, including without limitation (i) the official rules; (ii) offer terms and eligibility requirements; (iii) compliance with applicable rules and regulations governing the promotion and all prizes offered, such as registration and regulatory approvals in the relevant jurisdiction(s); and (iv) compliance with applicable laws, rules, regulations and guidelines, including without limitation the Federal Trade Commission Act and Federal Trade Commission Guidelines Concerning Use of Endorsements and Testimonials in Advertising. Promotions on the Service must include the following: (i) a complete release of PetFriendsBaku by each entrant or participant; and (ii) an acknowledgement that the promotion is in no way sponsored, endorsed or administered by, or associated with, PetFriendsBaku, unless an authorized representative of PetFriendsBaku provides prior written consent. PetFriendsBaku will not assist you in the administration of your promotion and cannot advise you on whether consent is required for use of user content or on how to obtain any necessary consent. You agree that if you use the Service to administer your promotion, you do so at your own risk.

What we're saying
We cannot monitor every user of the Service, nor every user interaction.

While we may provide you assistance (including dispute resolution), you are ultimately responsible for your interactions with other users on the Service. 

If you choose to run a contest or a promotion on the Service, then you are responsible for that promotion and ensuring it is run according to any applicable laws. You must make people aware that PetFriendsBaku does not sponsor your promotion unless we have officially agreed to do so.

Legal Terms of Use
User Content Ownership and License
Some areas of the Service allow Users to post or provide content such as profile information, videos, images, music, comments, questions, and other content or information (any such materials a User submits, posts, displays, or otherwise makes available on the Service is referred to as “User Content”). We claim no ownership rights over User Content created by you.

As between you and PetFriendsBaku, you retain any and all right, title and interest in and to THE User Content you create, post, or otherwise make available through the Service. We claim no ownership rights over your User Content.

In accordance with your choice of the privacy settings offered by the Service, and for as long as you have a PetFriendsBaku account, by posting or otherwise making available any User Content on or through the Service, you hereby grant, and you represent and warrant that you have all rights necessary to grant, to PetFriendsBaku a limited, royalty-free, sublicensable, transferable, irrevocable, non-exclusive, worldwide license to use, reproduce, modify, publish, publicly perform, publicly display, list information regarding, translate, distribute, syndicate, make derivative works of, or otherwise use your User Content, including (without limitation) your name, voice, and/or likeness as it is contained within your User Content, in whole or in part, and in any form, media or technology, whether now known or hereafter developed. This license is being used by PetFriendsBaku solely as necessary to provide the Service, and for such other limited uses identified in our Privacy Policy (https://PetFriendsBaku.co/privacy-policy). This license is not being used by PetFriendsBaku to sell your User Content to third parties or otherwise profit off of your User Content in any way that would be unrelated to PetFriendsBaku providing and promoting the Service, and it does not give PetFriendsBaku any rights to own your User Content or limit your ability to use your User Content however you wish outside of the Service.

What we're saying
PetFriendsBaku is a social network that allows you to post or share content like music, photos, and videos. We do not own your content and nothing under this Agreement transfers to us or to other users ownership of any of the content you post or share on the Service, nor does it restrict the way you use the content outside of the Service. It’s yours and we want to keep it that way.

Again, we do not and will not own your content; however, since the Service is a social network, we need you to give us permission to use the content you post or share solely as necessary to provide the Service and for a few additional purposes identified in our Privacy Policy. Basically, it’s so when you post something, the other users you want to share it with can see or hear the content you posted on PetFriendsBaku. 

Digging deeper, here are some examples and more detailed explanations about the license you’re granting us in this Agreement: 

Royalty-Free: To be a viable social network where you can provide and exchange your content without restriction, we need to be able to use your content without having to pay you a fee for each use. 

Sublicensable: PetFriendsBaku works with third parties to provide the Service and some of those service providers need access to your content to assist us in providing you the features and functionalities of the Service. As the saying goes, it takes a village. 

Reproduce: When you provide content to the Service, we make copies of that content so that you may retain the original while a copy is displayed on your profile.

Modify: The technical requirements of the Service may require us to modify your content so that it may be displayed on the Service, like resizing a photo to display on the Service. 

Publish, Publicly Display, and Publicly Perform: We need your permission to make your content available to other PetFriendsBaku users or on the public parts of the Service. For example, if you post a video, we must be able to publish the collective work on the Service; publicly display the images within the video; and publicly perform the audio contained in the video. 

Translate: Since PetFriendsBaku is a global network, we need your permission to translate your content into different languages to make it available to users around the world. 

Distribute: You grant us the right to deliver your content to other users you have connected with on the Service. 

Make Derivative Works: Derivative works include previews of your videos. 

Rights to Name, Likeness and Image: If you post a picture or video of yourself, we need these rights without having to blur your image in your photos and videos. 

If you choose to run a contest or a promotion on the Service, then you are responsible for that promotion and ensuring it is run according to any applicable laws. You must make people aware that PetFriendsBaku does not sponsor your promotion unless we have officially agreed to do so.

Legal Terms of Use
The User Content you create remains yours; however, by providing User Content through the Service, you agree to allow others within the Service to view your User Content within the Service as permitted by the functionality of the Service, your settings and this Agreement. PetFriendsBaku has the right (but not the obligation) in its sole discretion to remove any User Content that is provided to the Service. You also hereby grant each User of the Service a non-exclusive license to access your User Content through the Service, and to use, reproduce, distribute, display and perform such User Content as permitted through the functionality of the Service and under this Agreement. 

You reserve all rights to your User Content not expressly granted in this Agreement and in our Privacy Policy (https://PetFriendsBaku.co/privacy-policy), and no right or license in your User Content is granted to PetFriendsBaku, except as expressly set forth in this Agreement and the Privacy Policy (https://PetFriendsBaku.co/privacy-policy). If you have any questions please contact us at support@PetFriendsBaku.co.

What we're saying
In addition to the rights you grant to us, when you post your content on the Service, it may be accessed and viewed by other users of the Service and the public (if you’ve made such content available to the public on the Service). As such, we need you to grant those other users and the public (as applicable) rights to access and view the content you post and share as permitted by the features and functionality of the Service. 

WE REPEAT – YOUR CONTENT, NOT OURS. If anything in this section is unclear, please contact us at the email above and we will be happy to answer your question or resolve your concern.

User Content Rules, Representations and Warranties 
You agree not to create, submit, provide or otherwise make available on the Service any User Content that: (i) may create a risk of harm, loss, physical or mental injury, emotional distress, death, disability, disfigurement, or physical or mental illness to you, to any other person, or to any animal; (ii) may create a risk of any other loss or damage to any person or property; (iii) seeks to harm or exploit children by exposing them to inappropriate content, asking for personally identifiable details or otherwise; (iv) may constitute or contribute to a crime or tort; (v) contains any information or content that we deem to be unlawful, harmful, abusive, racially or ethnically offensive, defamatory, infringing, invasive of personal privacy or publicity rights, harassing, humiliating to other people (publicly or otherwise), libelous, threatening, profane, obscene, or otherwise objectionable; (vi) contains any information or content that is illegal (including, without limitation, the disclosure of insider information under securities law or of another party’s trade secrets); (vii) contains any information or content that you do not have a right to make available under any law or under contractual or fiduciary relationships; (viii) contains any information or content that you know is not correct and current; or (ix) violates any school or other applicable policy, including those related to cheating or ethics. You agree that any User Content that you post does not and will not violate third-party rights of any kind, including without limitation any Intellectual Property Rights (as defined below) or rights of privacy. To the extent that your User Content contains music, you hereby represent that you are the owner of or have the necessary rights to all the copyright rights, including without limitation the performance, mechanical, and sound recordings rights, with respect to each and every musical composition (including lyrics) and sound recording contained in such User Content and have the power to grant the license granted below. PetFriendsBaku reserves the right, but is not obligated, to reject and/or remove any User Content that PetFriendsBaku believes, in its sole discretion, violates any of these provisions. You understand that publishing your User Content on the Service is not a substitute for registering it with the U.S. Copyright Office, the Writers Guild of America, or any other rights organization. 

For the purposes of this Agreement, “Intellectual Property Rights” means all patent rights, copyright rights, mask work rights, moral rights, rights of publicity, trademark, trade dress and service mark rights, goodwill, trade secret rights and other intellectual property rights as may now exist or hereafter come into existence, and all applications therefore and registrations, renewals and extensions thereof, under the laws of any state, country, territory or other jurisdiction. 

In connection with your User Content, you affirm, represent and warrant the following: 

A. You have obtained and are solely responsible for obtaining all consents as may be required by law to post any User Content relating to third parties, including (without limitation) the written consent and release of liability of each and every identifiable natural person in the User Content, if any, to use such person’s name or likeness in the manner contemplated by the Service and this Agreement. 

B. Your User Content and PetFriendsBaku’s use thereof as contemplated by this Agreement and the Service will not violate any law or infringe any rights of any third party, including but not limited to any Intellectual Property Rights and privacy rights. 

C. PetFriendsBaku may exercise the rights to your User Content granted under this Agreement without liability for payment of any guild fees, residuals, payments, fees, or royalties payable under any collective bargaining agreement or otherwise. 

D. To the best of your knowledge, all your User Content and other information that you provide to us is truthful and accurate.

Legal Terms of Use
Mobile Software
A. Mobile Software. We may make available software to access the Service via a mobile device (“Mobile Software”). To use the Mobile Software you must have a mobile device that is compatible with the Mobile Software. PetFriendsBaku does not warrant that the Mobile Software will be compatible with your mobile device. You may use mobile data in connection with the Mobile Software and may incur additional charges from your wireless provider for these services. You agree that you are solely responsible for any such charges. PetFriendsBaku hereby grants you a non-exclusive, non-transferable, revocable license to use a compiled code copy of the Mobile Software for one PetFriendsBaku account on one mobile device owned or leased solely by you, for your personal use. You may not: (i) modify, disassemble, decompile or reverse engineer the Mobile Software, except to the extent that such restriction is expressly prohibited by law; (ii) rent, lease, loan, resell, sublicense, distribute or otherwise transfer the Mobile Software to any third party or use the Mobile Software to provide time sharing or similar services for any third party; (iii) make any copies of the Mobile Software; (iv) remove, circumvent, disable, damage or otherwise interfere with security-related features of the Mobile Software, features that prevent or restrict use or copying of any content accessible through the Mobile Software, or features that enforce limitations on use of the Mobile Software; or (v) delete the copyright and other proprietary rights notices on the Mobile Software. You acknowledge that PetFriendsBaku may from time to time issue upgraded versions of the Mobile Software, and may automatically electronically upgrade the version of the Mobile Software that you are using on your mobile device. You consent to such automatic upgrading on your mobile device, and agree that the terms and conditions of this Agreement will apply to all such upgrades. Any third-party code that may be incorporated in the Mobile Software is covered by the applicable open source or third-party license EULA, if any, authorizing use of such code. The foregoing license grant is not a sale of the Mobile Software or any copy thereof, and PetFriendsBaku or its third-party partners or suppliers retain all right, title, and interest in the Mobile Software (and any copy thereof). Any attempt by you to transfer any of the rights, duties or obligations hereunder, except as expressly provided for in this Agreement, is void. PetFriendsBaku reserves all rights not expressly granted under this Agreement. If the Mobile Software is being acquired on behalf of the United States Government, then the following provision applies. The Mobile Software will be deemed to be “commercial computer software” and “commercial computer software documentation,” respectively, pursuant to DFAR Section 227.7202 and FAR Section 12.212, as applicable. Any use, reproduction, release, performance, display or disclosure of the Service and any accompanying documentation by the U.S. Government will be governed solely by these Terms of Service and is prohibited except to the extent expressly permitted by these Terms of Use. The Mobile Software originates in the United States, and is subject to United States export laws and regulations. The Mobile Software may not be exported or re-exported to certain countries or those persons or entities prohibited from receiving exports from the United States. In addition, the Mobile Software may be subject to the import and export laws of other countries. You agree to comply with all United States and foreign laws related to use of the Mobile Software and the PetFriendsBaku Service. 

B. Mobile Software from iTunes.

The following applies to any Mobile Software you acquire from the iTunes Store (“iTunes-Sourced Software”): You acknowledge and agree that this Agreement is solely between you and PetFriendsBaku, not Apple, and that Apple has no responsibility for the iTunes-Sourced Software or content thereof. Your use of the iTunes-Sourced Software must comply with the App Store Terms of Service. You acknowledge that Apple has no obligation whatsoever to furnish any maintenance and support services with respect to the iTunes-Sourced Software. In the event of any failure of the iTunes-Sourced Software to conform to any applicable warranty, you may notify Apple, and Apple will refund the purchase price for the iTunes-Sourced Software to you; to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, Apple will have no other warranty obligation whatsoever with respect to the iTunes-Sourced Software, and any other claims, losses, liabilities, damages, costs or expenses attributable to any failure to conform to any warranty will be solely governed by this Agreement and any law applicable to PetFriendsBaku as provider of the software. You acknowledge that Apple is not responsible for addressing any claims of you or any third party relating to the iTunes-Sourced Software or your possession and/or use of the iTunes-Sourced Software, including, but not limited to: (i) product liability claims; (ii) any claim that the iTunes-Sourced Software fails to conform to any applicable legal or regulatory requirement; and (iii) claims arising under consumer protection or similar legislation; and all such claims are governed solely by this Agreement and any law applicable to PetFriendsBaku as provider of the software. You acknowledge that, in the event of any third-party claim that the iTunes-Sourced Software or your possession and use of that iTunes-Sourced Software infringes that third party’s intellectual property rights, PetFriendsBaku, not Apple, will be solely responsible for the investigation, defense, settlement and discharge of any such intellectual property infringement claim to the extent required by this Agreement. You and PetFriendsBaku acknowledge and agree that Apple, and Apple’s subsidiaries, are third-party beneficiaries of this Agreement as relates to your license of the iTunes-Sourced Software, and that, upon your acceptance of the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Apple will have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce this Agreement as relates to your license of the iTunes-Sourced Software against you as a third-party beneficiary thereof. 

C. Mobile Applications from Google Play Store. The following applies to any Mobile Applications you acquire from the Google Play Store (“Google-Sourced Software”): (i) you acknowledge that the Agreement is between you and PetFriendsBaku only, and not with Google, Inc. (“Google”); (ii) your use of Google-Sourced Software must comply with Google’s then-current Google Play Store Terms of Service; (iii) Google is only a provider of the Google Play Store where you obtained the Google-Sourced Software; (iv) PetFriendsBaku, and not Google, is solely responsible for its Google-Sourced Software; (v) Google has no obligation or liability to you with respect to Google-Sourced Software or the Agreement; and (vi) you acknowledge and agree that Google is a third-party beneficiary to the Agreement as it relates to PetFriendsBaku’s Google-Sourced Software.

What we're saying
Our mobile application is available for download on the iTunes Store and Google Play, but Apple and Google have no obligations to you with regard to our mobile application. That said, you must download and use the mobile application in compliance with the iTunes Store and Google Play Terms of Service, depending on who you downloaded the mobile application from. 

You’re responsible for any charges in connection with your use of our mobile application on your mobile device.